Questions

1. Consider the thread created in start_listener. How many threads with this functionality should be running on the server at any given time?

Answer: one thread since pthread_create is only called once in start_listener. 

2. In the listener function, what do each of the following fields of the sockaddr_in struct represent: sin_family, sin_port, and sin_addr.s_addr?

Answer: 
    sin_family - represents the type of sockets that the socket can communicate with. in this case it is IPv4.
    sin_port - represents the server port
    sin_port - represents the server internet address

3. What is the purpose of each of the following function calls in listener: socket, bind, listen, and accept? You should explain what each call does and what the effect would be if it were not called.

Answer:
    socket - creates a socket for the server. Without this call no client could connect to the server since it doesn't have a socket
    bind - links the name of a socket to a socket. Without this we can't call listen and accept on the socket and thus can't put
            the socket into listening mode, and thus can't receive connections from clients.
    listen - puts the socket in listening mode. Without this, the server socket exists but cannot receive any connections from clients
    accept - pulls the first socket from the queue and assigns it to a file descriptor. Without this we cannot act on incoming client connections

4. Which protocol (TCP or UDP) is used for communication? Why is this protocol used? (Hint: see line 34 in comm.c)

Answer: TCP is used because we have are trying to modify a database and want to know the status of our sent data.

5. Describe what comm_serve does. How are the response and command parameters used? What would happen if the stream pointed to by cxstr were closed?

Answer: comm_serve takes in a file descriptor cxstr and writes response to the stream and reads command from the stream. if the stream is closed, it means that the connection to the client
        has been terminated, so it will print an error and return -1 as an error value. 

6. Describe, in detail, what happens during each iteration of the while loop in the listener function. Be sure to include explanations of all significant function calls.

Answer: 1.) accepts a socket and stores the name to csock using accept, which removes the first connection off the queue, creates a new connected socket, 
            and returns a file descriptor to it, which is stores it in csock, storing the address and length in client_addr and client_len. If accept errors
            an informative message is printed. 
        2.) prints an informative message about the client address and port by accessing information stored in client_addr, which is converted from the network
            format to a binary address. 
        3.) opens the socket and stores the file stream pointer in cxstr. prints an error and closes the stream if there is an error with opening with R/W permissions.
        4.) calls server on cxstr, which handles the connected socket's requests.